hello guys I've got something else for
you today and this is method of having
track layer for free if you have an
Android phone or a Windows Phone
basically what you have to do is follow
the link under the description that will
take you to open track where it's gonna
explain to you what you need to do to
get it running but I've got a Samsung
Galaxy Note 3 in between my headset and
my bald head
that's not falling off thankfully I'm
using Wi-Fi network which is connected
to my PC using an application that makes
me use track layer features in Arma 3
now normally the games I these days the
games I play Dicky 2 compatible because
I'm so into this virtual realities it's
not funny anymore
but I'm a 3 on the other hand has got me
hooked so I've had to use a monitor to
play the game I don't want to use the
whoops or walk around for for for my
Dicky - I prefer to just you know use DK
- officially if the game supports it I
don't I don't like workarounds
once you have if you follow the link
under the under my description you once
good once you have it set up basically
open track and the application in the
forum you have to stop the applications
and then launch ARMA 3 or any game it
could be any game I'm sure racing games
flying games any game that has a head
lock method
so with ARMA 3 I had to come to
configure controls and controller
trucker will come up once you have the
open track running and all eager it is
highlighted and enabling that's all I
did
once you have that's done just get into
into any mission or whatever to just try
it and see it's a bit lucky maybe that's
due to me using Wi-Fi network instead of
USB cable through the PC meter which I
will try and see if it's going to solve
this issue of slightly ugliness so this
is a mission I've been trying to finish
and I've been dying a lot because I'm
new trauma 3 hardly a week completely
hoped amazing game of my previous best
FPS was butterfl full I think this just
took over so
as you can see I'm walking straight but
I can turn around and look on my sides I
have a feeling if I use a USB cable this
problem of loudness will disappear
hopefully this is especially helpful
when if you're going from cover to cover
especially on an open field
so while running straight I can just
pick through on the sides and see
whether I have somebody's to shoot
anyway I'm not gonna bore you because I
will die in literally seconds gonna stop
now before I embarrass myself
yep so as you can see it does work with
slight issues which I bet these
workarounds to solve that and well there
you go I hope this video helps and if
you do have an Android phone give it a
try cuz there's nothing you're gonna
lose having a free truck ir solution and
if you do have hair definitely your
phone he's gonna fall off so I suggest
you shave your head go bald or find
another solution delete the link takes
you to in the description takes you to I
mean you'll see other methods girls hair
band as a solution so if you're into
that go ahead anyway guys thanks for
watching and spread the word bye-bye